What is cloud computing
Cloud computing is the delivery of computing services over the internet. Computing services include common IT infrastructure such as virtual machines, storage, databases, and networking.

Define cloud model:
Public
Private
Hybrid 

Advantages of azure cloud:
Scaliablity
Reliability
Governance and compliance
Flexibility
Cost saving 

Disadvantages of azure cloud:
For the public cloud data ia on public domain
Security
Internet 

Disadvantages of private cloud:
High capital investment 
Less scaliablity 

Hybrid cloud:
Hybrid cloud is a cloud where most of the things is present into the private cloud only but few things as per my requirement i can put into the public cloud 
Which services is given to azure for public domain:

Information as a service(Iaas):
Storage service
Virtual machine/compute capacity
(I need a complete control of a operating system, then I can go through Iaas)

Platform as a service (paas):
A platform is a combination of hardware + operating system and + application development software
(I'm ok with the operating system i want to do very small pix to the configuration then i can go for the paas)

Ex: intel i5 + windows10 + ide is one platform.
Sensolaric +  linux + anyide is other platform.
Mac machine + ios + anyide is one more platform.
Mobile + android is one more platform 

Software as a service (saas):
Saas means the final application, what are infrastructure using the background we don't care and how much data is consume we don't know.
Ex: Outlook, teams, Microsoft office 365 etc.

Multicloud:
Geus decide to go for azure
Geuk decide to go for aws
But at some point of time decide to transfer the data to cloud l, they decide to merge the cloud, decide to have a communicating the cloud in this scenario i'm in trouble, because 2 different vendors 2 different stories is not good , so that's why it is multi cloud environment, because one vendor can go through 2 different cloud providers

Because of this solution is Azure arc

Azure arc:
Azure arc is a tool which is help us to manage the multicloud environment, multicloud environment can get manage with the service provided by azure arc.

Azure VMware solution:(Virtual manager)
It is a tool which will help us to go virtualize the entire past level.
Help us to create the virtual machine
Help us to configure the virtual machine 

High availability:
When we are deploying an application, a service, or any IT resources, azure is gives a highly available cloud environment with uptime guarantees depending on the service. These guarantees are part of service level agreement (SLAs).
How they maintain:
They maintain the 3copies of our data that means if one goes down the 2nd copy is available the 2nd goes down 3rd copy is available. That 3 copies are not present in same location, present on the different different locations.

Scaliablity:
Scaliablity refers to the ability to adjust resources to meet demand

Vertical scaling:
If we developing an app and we needed more processing power, we could vertically scale up to add more CPUs or RAM to virtual machine. Conversely, if we realized you had over-specified the needs, we could vertically scale down by lowering the CPU or RAM specifications.

Horizontal scaling:
We could add additional virtual machines or containers, scaling out. In the same manner, if there was a significant drop in demand, 

Benifits of the reliability and predictability:

Reliability:
It means comming up or recovering from failure, so reliability is doesn't talk about the avoiding of the failure, if failure can occur with in how much time i'm recovering

Predictability:
Predictabile performance and cost
When we purchase a certain hardware i can pridect the performance that will gives and i can pridect the cost which is getting use.
Pricing calculator:
It is a utility or a tool provided by a azure to us. This tool will help for calculating the price.

Describe the benifits of security and governance in the cloud:
Security is provided by many different ways like virtual private cloud we can create on that cloud we can put internet gateway, i